## INTRODUCTION

The information provided by Subak (“We,” “Us” or “Our”) on http://data.subak.org (“The Site”) is for general informational purposes only for parties interested in or working on tackling climate change (“Users”). All information on The Site is provided in good faith, however we make no representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness of any information on The Site.

Under no circumstance shall we have any liability to you for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of The Site or reliance on any information provided on The site. Your use of The Site and your reliance on any information on The Site is solely at your own risk.

## EXTERNAL LINKS DISCLAIMER FOR WEBSITE

The purpose of The Site is to direct parties interested in climate data through The Site links to other websites or content belonging to or originating from third parties, or links to websites and features in banners or other advertising. Subak compiles external links and, where appropriate and within our power to do so, external links to data relating to climate are investigated, monitored, and checked for accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness by us in order to provide users with better access to climate data.

However, Subak does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of any information offered by third-party websites linked through The Site or any website or feature linked in any banner or other advertising. We will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of data, information, products, or services.

Accordingly, before taking any actions based upon such information, we encourage you to consult with the appropriate professionals or owners of external content. We do not provide any kind of advice. The use or reliance of any information contained on this site or on external sites linked through The Site is solely at your own risk.

## LICENCING DISCLAIMER FOR WEBSITE
The Site contains the following; metadata from source datasets, external links to source datasets, metadata that has been generated by Us to assist the understanding of climate data sources.

Where possible, We present the licences under which metadata and data is shared to inform the User of their responsibilities and Subak assumes no responsibility for the adherence of any User of The Site to the licence agreements specified by external sources. Users are encouraged and expected by Subak, where the terms of the licence agreement are not sufficiently clear, are ambiguous, or are missing, to consult the owner of the external content. Failure to do so is at your own risk.

Unless otherwise specified, metadata generated by Subak is licenced under CC-BY-4.0.
